Add detail about S3-Box manual bootloader mode (#30515)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/voice_control/s3_box_voice_assistant.markdown

1. Make sure this page is opened in a Chromium-based browser on a **desktop**. The software installation does not work with a tablet or phone.

   - If you have an ESP32-S3-BOX-3, select the **Connect** button below to display a list of available USB devices. Do not connect the ESP32-S3-BOX-3 yet.

>    - If your ESP32-S3-BOX-3 does appear in the list of devices presented by your browser:

Author: ```suggestion
   - If your ESP32-S3-BOX-3 does not appear in the list of devices presented by your browser:
```

>      - You can manually invoke "flash mode" by holding the "boot" button (left side upper button) as you tap the "reset" button (left side lower button); after a few seconds, the ESP32-S3-BOX-3 should appear in the list of USB devices presented by your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - You need to manually invoke "flash mode":
       -  Hold the "boot" button (left side upper button) as you tap the "reset" button (left side lower button)
       - After a few seconds, the ESP32-S3-BOX-3 should appear in the list of USB devices presented by your browser.
```

>      - You can need to manually invoke "flash mode" by holding the "boot" button (left side upper button) as you tap the "reset" button (left side lower button); after a few seconds, the ESP32-S3-BOX-3 should appear in the list of USB devices presented by your browser.

Author: ```suggestion
     - You can manually invoke "flash mode" by holding the "boot" button (left side upper button) as you tap the "reset" button (left side lower button); after a few seconds, the ESP32-S3-BOX-3 should appear in the list of USB devices presented by your browser.
```

>      - **Note:** this approach will require you to manually reset the ESP32-S3-BOX-3 (by again using the reset button) after the initial installation completes. You'll also need to reconnect to it (using the Connect button as before) to configure Wi-Fi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Follow the steps until step 3. After selecting the **Next** button, on the S3-Box, tap the "Reset" button again.
     - Then, select the blue **Connect button** again, select the USB device and follow the prompts to configure the Wi-Fi.
```

Author: Instead of `select the "Reset" button again` it should be `tap the reset button (on the S3-Box) again` -- this is a physical button so I don't think "select" is correct. 😇

Reviewer: good point, thank you. fixed.
